# hello-world
Getting started in Github - after 25 years in high-tech its about time. I worked for many years as a tester (mostly manual but a little scripting). The thing I enjoyed the most was collaborating with developers, trying to build trust with them, and joking with them about where they were hiding the bugs. They actually told me the answer to that quite often, and made it easier for me to find the problematic areas quicker. After a couple of years, I became a technical writer. I always enjoyed writing, so that was a logical leap. As with QA, what I enjoyed most was the contact with people, asking people why they needed a document in the first place. This often led to suprising new areas of knowledge sharing that were sometimes more helpful than a document, such as video tutorials, matching the right teams together for quick Q&A sessions with each other, lightning talks where the topics were raised by the people who wanted to receive rather than the people who wanted to give the information, etc.

Finally I got into Agile Coaching almost by accident. When many of the teams I had worked with in the past were plunged almost overnight into Scrum, a couple of Scrum Masters approached me asking if I could take a look at a daily meeting, retrospective, etc., and give some feedback. I agreed and they found the feedback low key and non-intrusive, and in some cases useful. So I started doing more of that, until I was unable to continue my regular work, so this became my fulltime job. I did that for a couple of years, received some good feedack, and felt that I was adding value for at least some people, and enjoying it. With some excellent mentoring from someobody who later became my manager, Ken Power, I was able to progress. The Agile courses and workshops were interesting, but I found the intensive Psychodrama year long course that I took to be more useful in my daily work.    

Around a year ago the organization I worked for let go most of their staff, and I decided to take the opportunity to strengthen my tech skills, which was always a gap (perhaps because I generally prefer people to products). Anyhow I learnt some Java, a little Python, wrote around 200 small programs, and did a lot of googling to learn a little more about some of the technologies. So here I am, trying to see how you do some of the basic operations in GitHub. Hello to anybody who happens to read this.
